# hello-world
Learning how to use GitHub

I'm a condensed matter physicist interested in topological phases of matter. As an experimentalist I am interested in studying such phases in two-dimensional (2D) materials by inducing large pseudo-magnetic fields through strain. I've developed a framework for controllably inducing such phase transistions using micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS). Because electrical, optical, and thermal probes can be readily integrated with MEMS they are an ideal platform for studying such topological phases. Additionaly, pseudo-magnetic field induced phases allows for controlling the interaction between edge states providing a new tool to understand these systems. Further, MEMS are very standard devices in the electronics world, so they provide a mechanism for bringing novel physics from the lab to application quickly.

From a theoretical perspective I am interested in the interconnection between category theory (Topological Quantum Field Theory), neural networks, and renormalization group theory. There is a conconcrete example of a neural network behaving exactly as the renormalization group applied to the 2D Ising model. We also know that many models can be studied with tensor networks, which is a category theory. I wonder how precise the relationship can be made between these topics and what can be learned by studying different problems from different perspectives. Further, there has been some interesting work on Bayesian priors for fitting models to observations that behaves like the renormalization group where instead of energy or temperature the renormalization parameter is an information length scale that depends on the relative number of observations to noise. Combining this this Sean Carroll's recent work showing the emergence of space-time from coherence between Hilbert space states, a coehesive picture of physical theory is forming centered around ideas of information.
